The eight areas academic cloud, architecting, modernizing, implementing elasticity and high availability
and monitoring.
So the architecture need that we have for the cafe is that the cafe will be featured in a famous TV
food show.
When it is, the architecture must handle significant increase in capacity.
What are the solutions on the options that we can use as a solution architect in order to basically
make the cafe architecture highly available and highly scalable, we want to build a reactive market.
Instead, I want to communicate that our architecture will be able to respond to an increased demand
by adjusting dynamically its capacity.
And we call this elastic and the scale of it.
We also want to have an architecture which is resilient, which means it can adapt against changes,
and you don't need to have a direct human intervention in order to fix the architecture or to configure
it.
We want the architecture to be responsive and message driven as well, which means we want the architecture
to adapt against the data that it receives in daily basis.
So this is take us to scaling your computer resource.
So what we mean by elasticity, an elastic infrastructure can expand and contract as capacity needs
change.
So you can increase the number of servers when the traffic spikes lowering rise capacity in your database,
when the traffic goes down and handling the day to day fluctuation of demand throughout your architecture,
if you look at the scale and killing is a technique that we use to adjust the capacity of our infrastructure
dynamically without any human intervention.
Normally we have two types of scaling.
We have horizontally scaling.
So if we have one web server, so if this is with one, we want to increase this and we generate multiple
instances of the same application and each application will have for each an instance when you have
the same software or application to serve customers with horizontal scaling, we are just increasing
the number of horizontally each.
A new instance will be able to serve this service that you are trying to provide for you end customer
with vertical scaling.
And this is a very famous approach.
We really do relational database system with vertical scaling.
You have, for example, an audience with T two micro and you want to scale it up and increase the capacity
in terms of CPU or even disk space.
You want to scale it vertically and you want to change it from three to make 32, for example, build.
So if these two small is not enough, you are able also to increase it vertically as well, all the
way to be too large or 3 to 2 users.
Look now to the first also scaling which is Amazon easy two where we can launch or terminate in a sense
is based on our condition and needs and they can automatically register new instances with the load
balancer and they can launch those in instances in a mostly available.
So auto scanning always work in the side the same region.
It will help you to launch multiple instances in multi A-Z but not in multi region.
There is multiple scaling options in us.
The first one is the scheduled one, which is good for a predictable workload.
If you have a customer and you know his workload, he knows how much customer base he has in the end
user, then you can use that kind of casual work.
You could simply say, I want to create an easy two instances every Monday morning.
I want to have four AC, two instances every Monday morning at 9 a.m., and I want to scale them down
every Monday evening at 5 p.m..
You would also have, for example, the option to scale your infrastructure in this specific date.
So maybe you don't need those two instances.
You might just need seven three days out of seven days.
And the second one is called dynamic escape.
With dynamic scaling.
We normally have a scaling target and that monitor is the infrastructure.
And once your easy to in instances reaches a specific threshold, it will trigger the auto scaling.
The last one is predicted.
With the predicted, you will have normally a machine learning component built by us.
It's going to be built by you looking to your data, building your data for one month or two months
or so on.
And based on those data, it's going to predict how much scalability you need for the next.
Maybe there is a next season coming like St Patrick's Day.
Then normally in that day you sell a lot of services and goods ended.
In this case, it will scale your infrastructure and make it proactively ready to meet the new.
So for example, if you have someone who is sitting on the Christmas tree and all of the scaling policy
for him to be scanned.
Only for the Christmas season because nobody will buy a Christmas tree outside the Christmas season.
So in dynamic scaling policies, we have multiple times, we have the symbol scale and they normally
ask about this index.
In single scanning adjustment, you have a new workload, it's a new start, or sometimes you are dealing
with a spiky workload you can to predict you creating a machine for people to want to do a dev or at
this thing of a software.
So you would never know how much capacity they need.
So you can just to create a scaling policy, you could also use a scaling.
With this type of scaling here, you will do the adjustment depending on the size and the metric that
you are monitoring.
For example, if you are watching the CPU level, you can see when CPU is greater than a 22, when CPU
greater than 61, when CPU lower than a 22, when CPU is below ten.
Then dealing with a step of scaling, you can make multiple step adjustment and this is very important
to avoid.
Resource is if crashing.
What you need to do in all cases is to avoid having an auto scaling that could create a lunch and easy
to very quickly and terminate the instance very quick.
This results in two things.
The infrastructure will not be stable in a state in the state.
And the second thing, you will find that the resistance of the data is hard to maintain.
So to avoid resource extraction, creating the resources very quickly and deleting the resources also
very quickly, whether you do the scaling or you make sure when you work a specific metric that the
event is long enough.
So if you live in a greater than six feet, you want this, if you will, able to remain at the minimum
for 5 minutes above 60, then you still specifically when you terminate machines.
So when you skim down, you want to make sure that the CPU is below 20% for a long period of time,
let's say 10 minutes before you can terminate or scale down your easy to an instance.
The first step to create or the scaling is to create an auto scale or in other auto scaling group you
specify the minimum capacity, the maximum, and that is now my view for the desired, regardless what
people really can say in different textbooks references is that if I am monitoring the CPU, so this
is my CPU living and I'm saying if the CPU or if the CPU utilization is above 20%, then you need to
scale up.
So the minimum I have is to the maximum is six.
I'm going to keep adding more machine.
And this is a scale seven scaling policy with R2 scaling.
Now when the CPU reach 60% utilization, I'm going also to scale again and add more AC two instances.
Now I said also is the CPU below 20, I'm going to scale down now what if the CPU is in between 20%
utilization and 60% utilization?
In this particular scenario, you could maintain the desired capacity when everything is working normally,
there is no up in the CPU utilization or down metrics of the sub utilization, and I would love to maintain
that desire.
That's capacity.
With auto scaling, you can create a multiple on demand and and reserve instance and the magic formula
and also support.
In this sense, you can also make more participation from multiple different times of easy.
I prefer normally to have 80% of my capacity via reserve.
In instances do the capacity needs will be met by 80% of a result.
In instances that say I need an easy to in instances as maximum, okay and then I will leave the 20%
for on demand, which means every time I got a spike and a predictable capacity needs, I could create
an ongoing or I could decrease.
Instead of a 20% on demand, I could give it up to ten 20% here and 70% on a reserve.
And then this is you make a better scalability options and also it will make my capacity me cost optimized
so I can make the same thing.
I could reach high level of scalability and I also reach a high level, of course, optimization.
A few things to consider when you do all the scale multiple times of automatically scaling and you fusion
them or hybrid them together and you have to use or look to use symbol or step or target.
The tracking is scaling where you can have multiple metrics or multiple receive instead of having only
the CPU and decide when to scale out and to scale.
And maybe you better use lifecycle help with integration of all the scaling with symbol notification
service.
Or send an email to a service that can tell you that your instances are scaling up.
You can understand the behavior of your system and you reach a convergence.
So look now to create a scaling policy for Amazon easy to auto scaling.
Another thing is to scale your.